---
tags:
  - daily-note
---
Damn, I slept really well last night. After my journaling, I tried to help Gladys with her Parallels install on her Mac, but to no avail. I think I would be more help if I actually understood how some of these software works under the hood. Parallels is pretty different from a traditional VM. Although I guess I don't know what VMWare is doing under the hood either. It was annoying to install and get running, but I felt pretty tired after that, and fell right asleep.

The sleep was so good, in fact, that I woke up right before I had to fetch Gladys to the MRT station. Good thing she was there to wake me, or I'd still be asleep right now. Now being, 7 AM, of course.

Plans for today include
1. Meeting with Jun Yang.
2. Finally making that dental appointment.

Hope to get these done and get my dental stuff out of the way before the weekend.

I'm excited to meet Jun Yang! Although I still haven't found a DAW that I'd like more than FL Studio, so I'm not too sure how we'll end up jamming.

My hands and fingers are getting slightly better, but I really hate having eczema. I can't even squeeze toothpaste out of its bottle sometimes. I can't feel textures. I feel like there's just a bunch of stuff that I used to be able to do, and I took that for granted too.

Also, a thought I had this morning was that I never had that moment in learning where I just thought something was super cool. Yesterday, I was watching a video on Git and how this person felt when he first learned what Git was doing, and you could see him light up as he's explaining the concept. I feel I've never really had that, and sort of makes me wonder if I've really been learning anything at all.

My sleep schedule seems to be getting back on track as well. I'm actually tired at night now, which is good! Hope that I can keep this up.