---
tags:
  - daily-note
---
Holy shit, I almost forgot to journal. Sleeping last night was a little hard with all the fireworks, but I managed to pull through. My alarm rang at around 7:30 AM, but I went back to bed to let my body recover a little bit more. Due to this, I had a pretty late breakfast at around 11 AM, inhaling many calories that I will hopefully get to burn in the gym in just a bit. It is currently 1:10 PM, and I'm about 10 minutes away from walking over to the gym.

I'm reading Jeff Nippard's [[The ultimate guide to body recomposition]] currently. People online has said that it's a waste of money (good thing I didn't spend any on this book), but I trust Nippard and his explanations on YouTube. And anything science-based is a hill that I am willing to die on. I would like to do a full body recomposition, which is why I'm reading the book. My goals with my body is just to get lean and put on a few pounds of muscle. I don't think I need to look insanely shredded or anything, but I'd like my muscles to look visible. It's more of a personal choice.

Regardless of what I said yesterday in my log, I did end up getting fast food -  KFC, and that took up 1000 kcal of calories. Which is insane. I'll have to monitor what I eat a little closer to make sure I don't exceed my caloric limits. Regardless, I'm still going to be training today. I'm not sure if doing core and cardio is an absolute must, but I think that it's good to include, cause these muscles aren't really hit while you're doing PPL.

---
