---
tags:
  - daily-note
---
Last night's sleep was a 5/10. I'm feeling a little groggy, but I'm rested enough that I don't feel like I need to sleep right now. A healthy middle. Now that I think about it, it's been a while since I had like a full 10/10 fully rested sleep. I feel as though my body is just used to having subpar sleep now. After all these renovations get done, I'm going to have a nice long sleep.

Today, I have a dental appointment with the family's regular dentist. I have no idea what to prepare for, but I am going alone for the first time. I hope that I'll be able to drive after. I'm not sure what he'll do to me later or if I require surgery. I do have a cavity. We'll find out later, I suppose.

I suppose today is as good a time as any to start trying time blocking. I'm not too sure where I should go to do work. Home is dusty and dirty, and our WiFi has been having issues since last night. I think I'll head out to do work today. I may skip on this, though as my average day doesn't really include a 9-10 block for a dental appointment.

Starting a project is surprisingly overwhelming. I'm not sure how to begin, and there aren't really any instructions for how to approach it. I think I just need to accept that I'm not the programmer I want to be right now, and study what I need to study. Gotta keep my head down and just do the work.

Gladys and I didn't end up doing anything last night. I get it. Internship is tiring, and I think both of us was just feeling sleepy. I'm still very much in heat, but I need to control myself.

---
I have done nothing today. Honestly, it was nice. I feel like I shouldn't be using the renovations as an excuse to not do work, but to be honest, it's just getting in my way at this point. I miss being able to use my deskmat, my mouse, my keyboard and monitor. I want to be able to have a productive workflow but it's honestly quite difficult with all this dust flying around. It's getting quite annoying.

In a few days, hopefully, everything will be done and dusted, and I can move back into my room and set everything up once more. Hopefully.

The only productive thing I did today was maybe downloading some stuff for my [[Brawlhalla Ranked Widget]] project. And that just happened like 5 minutes ago at the time of writing (9:52 PM). 

Other than that, I guess I shot some hoops with Marcus today. My jumpshot is all over the place, and I couldn't hit anything today. 

Oh yeah, I got a tooth filling for my cavity today. It's a weird feeling. It feels like the dentist put a rock in my mouth, in terms of texture. I think it takes time for it to sort of polish itself. The process itself was pretty painful. I think the scary thing about visiting the dentist is that when they deal with cavities, or whatever, they're putting their hands into your mouth and you literally could not see what they're doing if they wanted to.

Anyway, yeah. That's sort of it for today. Hope to get lucky tonight, but honestly, I probably won't.