---
tags:
  - daily-note
---
I didn't journal last night (again). Looks like this hobby is just slipping, huh? Anyway, we slept pretty late last night. Gladys was working on her internship tasks til like 11 PM and I was just playing some mobile games on her bed. I think we hit the bed around 12:30 AM, 4-ish hours before she has to wake up and get prepped for work. The sleep was maybe a 4/10. She's definitely tired, and I'm still feeling pretty groggy and unenergized.

Today, I'll be meeting Gabriel, Cheryl and Jia Le at Sunway with Gladys. The current plan is to go to university some time after lunch and get some work done there. I'm not too sure if we're able to move in today, but I'm hoping they'll be done with everything at the very least. I miss my room very much, my setup, my bed, my books. So many things taken for granted.

Over the course of this week, I realize that there's actually just too much to learn in terms of programming. It wasn't exactly a revelation, I mean most students of programming know this, but I never really felt the weight of it all until last week. I don't understand the network stack, the HTTP protocol, the languages I want to use, etc. I don't know the powers of vanilla JS, how to start a project from scratch, how to even pick what I want to work with. There's too much to learn, and I think I should start with a simple one.

Since I'm currently working on the [[Brawlhalla Ranked Widget]], which should be done in vanilla HTML, CSS and JavaScript, I'm thinking of just learning JavaScript first and coding as I go.

---

Quick one, day is about to end. Typing this at 11:52 PM as fast as I possibly can. Just gonna let my thoughts speak, so might not be the most cohesive entry in the world.

So, instead of studying JavaScript, I ended up starting [[Grokking Algorithms]]. I rationalized that this is a relatively good idea because data structures and algorithms are sort of used everywhere, regardless of the language that I'm using. I hung out a little with Yohen, and found out that he's doing a freecodecamp course on vanilla HTML, CSS, JS. I might do that too just to have a better grasp at everything I need to know.

Had dinner as planned (the only thing today). But I didn't end up eating much. We had hotpot. I fucking hate hotpot. I like having my own dish or separate dishes that we can share, but hotpot is literally the worst. Please bring me cooked food, not raw meat and ask me to cook it. Literally we could do the same shit at home. Just give us the meats. I'm actually still kinda hungry.

In addition to all of that, this afternoon I worked on my dad's E-card, and nearly lost my fucking mind because everyone got something to say. My mom's passive aggressiveness makes me so fucking mad, I don't even know if she's doing it on purpose. My dad's indecisiveness. Literally everything is making me mad right now. Sometimes, I feel like I'm the only emotionally mature person in this family, which is a problem, because I'm not fucking mature. Doesn't matter though, everyone just fucking around anyway.

Sometimes, I really just can't handle being here. I know they're my family, and that they love me. But this family is actually dysfunctional. I got a sister that brings up the same shit every time an argument arises. A dad that just takes it and a mom that's emotionally explosive. How the fuck am I supposed to turn out alright when this is the baseline.

And this fucking eczema. No one in this family fucking understands. Nothing fucking helps. They don't know what it's like to have to bleed in the middle of your exam paper because the skin on your wrist starts tearing off. Or how painful it is to hold a pen, never mind write. Or how hard it is to type when every keypress puts pressure on your fucking wounds. Literally no one here relates to that, and I'm tired of them thinking they know better than I do.

You know what else I fucking hate, this whole religion bullshit. I don't know where the fuck religion spawned from, but it's gotta be one of the dumbest things that still remain on this fucking planet. We did not come from the stars. God did not make us. I'm here because the two of you fucked one night without a rubber, planned or unplanned, I don't know, nor do I care.

You're here because your parents did the same. And their parents as well. So what's the fucking hassle. We already know where we all come from. Some dude's balls.

You know what else I fucking hate. The fact that I never got the opportunity to own a pet. A dog. A cat. A rabbit. Nope. Literally no options. My parents dislike furry animals, and that opportunity was pried away from me ever since I started asking for one. Literally nothing that I can do. There's no winning, no meeting in the middle. When it comes to this, no means no. Fuck off. First it was just the dislike. Now it's the fact that no one can take care of it anymore. No shit. When I could all you knew to say was no. Like hello? Am I supposed to teach you to think too. Jesus fucking Christ.

Stop fucking with me.

Stop trying to talk to me.

Stop thinking that you know everything about me. The truth is that you probably don't, and maybe that's a good thing. I fucking hate everything about everything right now.