---
tags:
  - daily-note
---
Last night's sleep was great, but I've awoken feeling more sore than usual. I probably overworked myself yesterday, playing volleyball and basketball. It's honestly not a terrible feeling but I can feel it in my thighs. The workers are coming in for renovations again soon. I've forgotten how annoying it is to have to share bathrooms.

I woke up at 8, and once in the middle of the night, I think. But I feel relatively refreshed. Today, I'm going to KL with Gladys to check out her workplace, and we'll walk around KL for a bit. Then, I'll go for a haircut with Wai Cheng and Marcus. Marcus and I were planning to shoot some hoops after we grab dinner.

Hmm..

No dreams last night. No real thoughts at the moment. Hopefully journaling will help me structure my thoughts a little better.

---
We have finally submitted the video for the distributed systems assignment, after so long. Today, Gladys and I walked around KL until our legs died. It takes about 50 minutes on a Sunday afternoon from her home to her workplace. We had a quick look at Kinokuniya, a bookstore in KLCC. We didn't look too much, because we're extremely broke at the moment. Gladys starts her internship tomorrow. She seems excited!

My friends and I went to try out a new barber today. Auntie Ruyi does not like the cut, but it's a cut nonetheless. I didn't really mind it. I don't think much about how my hair looks. I just make it messy before leaving the house anyways. I'm just glad that it won't get in my eyes when I play sports now.

After that, we had dinner. We talked about a bunch of stuff, including how to lead, Marcus' past relationships, and Wai Cheng's past love interests. Wai Cheng is also ready to date, but I think he wants to take things slow, which is respectable. Then, they came over. Marcus took a well-deserved nap, while Wai Cheng and I talked about piano, music, and top-down MMORPGs.

We shot some hoops. Played turtle, where Marcus and I got our asses handed to us. We played some horse too, where Marcus did some crazy shit to get the win. Then, we just shot around until we were satisfied. I sent them home and took a shower before heading to Gladys'.

Right now, it's 11 PM, so you already know that I have yet to fall into my sleep schedule. But that's okay. All things considered, I'm doing pretty well. I'm getting my hours in, and I know I'll have the best sleep tonight, because Gladys will be sleeping next to me. Anyway, I'll keep writing tomorrow. Hope this habit keeps up.