---
tags:
  - daily-note
---
So, I went for a badminton session with my friends last night, completely destroying my planned sleep schedule. But this was accounted for, an exception, not a rule. Today is a new day, with new goals. I would like to begin on my sleep disciplining work plan. Starting with unwinding by 9.

Today also marks a new day of just waking up in normal human hours. I woke up at 8, because they're beginning to do renovations in my room. I'm also journaling now in the morning, which is good.

I did not end up learning Git yesterday. Despite switching to Linux, I still find myself getting distracted by a bunch of stuff (games, YouTube videos, movies or shows). Which is to be expected, because that's the kind of user that I am. However, I'm hoping to be a little more mindful with how I use my computer.

---
I started my Git learning! Albeit it was only on W3Schools, and there really isn't that much on it. There are so many commands, and it honestly kinda feels overwhelming. I think that I should focus on learning Git a little more before I start looking at GitHub and the like.

I went over to Gladys' today, and we watched The Wizard of Oz. Something that we wanted to watch after Wicked. It was an old film, but very cutesy. Honestly, I feel as though I have more questions after watching than before. Oh well.

There was a volleyball session today, too! With Chris' gang. I invited Ji Chuan and Jia Le to come play. It's Ji Chuan's second time playing(?) and Jia Le's first. I think that they had fun. The games were fun but it felt super cold today. To be honest, I felt a little out of it. I'm unsure why.

After that we had dinner with the gang. Chilli pan mee. It was quite an expensive meal, to be honest. I got extra meat and eggs, and I got a drink too. Waste of money? Probably not. But I definitely did not need to get all those extra things. The extra meat made most of the meal end with a slurry of untouched mince, and my last few bites were all meat.

After that, Jia Le and Ji Chuan came over. We played a little basketball. Ji Chuan got tired, and we got interrupted by some college kids. They were pretty inconsiderate, but I just let that shit bounce off. We shot some hoops at the park nearby until we got even more tired. They then came over and I played some Bloons TD 6 with Ji Chuan, with Jia Le watching. It must've been pretty boring, but he made it pretty entertaining.

I think I might've overdone the name calling a little bit. I keep calling him a dumb fuck. I should try to be a little more kind.

When they went home, I caught my mother and my sister arguing about renovations again. To be honest, I'm not too sure why. In my opinion, it's pretty clear what the most efficient thing to do is. Just let them finish everything up as soon as possible. They have less days to work, and we can move back into our rooms ASAP. Do I find it annoying? It isn't not annoying, but this is the most efficient course of action. After a while, they made up tho, so it must've been an argument for an argument's sake.

As I'm writing this, it is 11:15 PM, which means I've yet again missed out on the unwind + screens off goal. It's okay. Baby steps. I'm going to try to go to bed after I text Gladys for a little longer.