---
tags:
  - daily-note
---
Gladys and I had a little disagreement yesterday. It started with talking about secrets, and then it became about intimacy and who initiated what. I think that maybe I'm just a little bit too horny at times. I ranted pretty hard about that along with some other things, including some issues at home. She fell asleep soon after. It sort of bummed me out, but I should understand that she's tired. She's been working.

Because of our heated discussion, I slept relatively late. At around 3 AM. I woke up at 7:30 AM today to play some volleyball with Ji Chuan. We swung by the old Siam court and found a couple people setting up the net. We played a little with them. They all had very good fundamentals. Hoping that we'll play them again one day. The court has also been upgraded. With a community net, as well as two nets on either side of the court for catching loose balls. We would've loved that during our training days.

I'm currently writing at around 12:00 PM. I have nothing really planned for today. I do think that I should keep my sugar intake down. I've been downing Cokes a little too much, and I should be more wary about what I'm taking in. My eczema wounds are getting worse and worse, and I think eczema and diabetes would be a terrible combination for my body.

The only plan I have today is that I'm fetching Gladys from her friend, Xin Rou's home and that we're getting dinner together. I feel tired, maybe I'll take a nap. Who knows. I haven't been consistent with journaling. I wanna blame that on the renovations, but really it's just been my own lack of discipline. I think I'll get there soon enough. I should continue my reading as well.

