---
tags:
  - daily-note
---
Last night's sleep was sort of not great, to be honest. Gladys has a very small bed and I think it's a little hard to maintain a sleep schedule when I'm with her. We talked a lot before we slept. She was very nervous about starting her internship today. We also talked about setting Wai Cheng up with Madeleine. I think she sees it happening. I hope it happens, although I don't need it to.

I was supposed to meet Fong today, but I think that we'll be cancelling. He didn't sleep at 5 AM last night. I should also book an appointment for the dentist to fix my teeth. It's been a while since my last visit. I'm a little lazy to start doing that, to be honest, but one of my teeth have been kinda messed up for a while, and I need to get that fixed ASAP.

My Git studying has been relatively slow, but today will be a slower day, and I'm hoping that I'll be able to do a little more. 

Oh my god, also, my hands have been more fucked up than ever. They hurt like crazy, and I think all the dust being kicked up from renovations, and my constant contact with rough surfaces like basketballs aren't helping. I think I should lay off balls for a little bit to let my eczema calm down. I hope that it'll be better by Saturday and I can hit the volleyball court again.

---
Not much happened today. Gladys finished her first day of internship, though. Sounds like she's got a great group of people at Petronas working alongside her. Hopefully, she'll form some good connections there.

I didn't end up making that dental appointment. I'll try doing that tomorrow, I guess. I'll be going out to meet Fong tomorrow too, since we missed today's lunch session.

I went over to Marcus' today, he was doing some internship work. I sort of just lazed around. I did a bit of reading for Git, but [[Pro Git]] is a very long book and I kept getting distracted. My house is dusty as fuck from all the renovations, and I think my eczema and my nose is acting up because of that.

As I'm typing this, it's getting 9 minutes before 9 PM, so today might be the day I actually start with a proper sleep schedule. I'm sleeping at Gladys' again and hopefully we'll have some alone time tonight.